“Join with me in suffering, like a good soldier of Christ Jesus. No one serving as a soldier gets entangled in civilian affairs, but rather tries to please his commanding officer. “ — 2 Timothy 2 : 3 - 4

The whole chapter speaks generally about focusing on God’s work and enhancing oneself for the Lord’s glory. It was written by Paul for Timothy, an aspiring youth church leader, in purpose of delivering his advices for God’s work, as he is unsure whether he could meet Timothy personally or not due to hardships he was facing that time. 
There are lot of verses that had took my attention in this chapter and I think I’ll be using this chapter once more for my subsequent devotions. Anyway, I took this verse as it had poke my spirit this night. I’ve been procrastinating all day watching series—Arcane, and binge watching random youtube videos that interest me; thinking I am worthless and that whatever I try to do won’t even matter in the end. I felt lost like my flame’s about to run out but when I read it, something had struct me and revived my spirit. It reminded me that I have lived because of a purpose, a role that would probably fit in this timespan of mine, that I’m not a dead weight in my family, this society, and in this generation I belong. Sorry, too personal I thought this is a diary. 
Moving on, well this verse just had reminded me that I’m someone who has a special task and that I must refrain myself from non-sense quarrel of the world. I did liked the analogy here, the use of the word soldier is a heavy term to describe someone as a follower of God. Soldier, as what had been taught in my ROTC lessons, is someone who had encountered and succeed difficult training that includes breaking one’s limitation, solidifying one’s spirit and promoting humility through learning the proper respect. To be a soldier means to be ready in facing challenges that one might not even dare to try. And for me what Paul, a man who had encountered a lot of difficulties in life, is trying to remind us is that this is a serious choice not just a petty commitment that anyone could try. That we always have to prepare ourselves for an unexpected war instead letting our attention slip by wasting time in peacefulness that is only for civilians. For war is peace—1984, that war and peace are indeed running in a loop.