Eye for Eye
38“You have heard that it was said, ‘Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.’39 But I tell you, do not resist an evil person. If anyone slaps you on the right cheek, turn to them the other cheek also. 40 And if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt, hand over your coat as well. 41 If anyone forces you to go one mile, go with them two miles. 42 Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you.
Matthew 5:38-41

The whole chapter contains various sermons about living within a society where people either rely on you as well live with you. These topics such as beatitudes, living purposely to be someone to imitate, following laws, fixing disputes, a practice of chastity or rather avoiding sexual immorality, dealing with married life, fulfilling promises, preventing the loop of chaos, and loving enemies; are extremely reliable when dealing with people, as well with yourself, and as a part of the society. Society is vital to each one as this is where we establish and improve oneself, as we create things, fulfill dreams, and make changes for the better of the civilization. This improves one’s quality life and prevent us from going back to being barbaric. These are the set of rules or laws that must be applied in order to construct a structured system where people live civically, and improve exponentially.

The eye for an eye, tooth for tooth has been there for so long. I remember it reading from norse myths, some English legends and movies or series such as The Vikings, Peaky Blinders, Lord of the Rings, and the Revenant. The common aftermath of these story was that they get either stuck from a loop and series of revenge or that one side eventually runs out and then give up after a chaotic and bloody war. Going back, the first line has got me actually, that when someone slapped slapped you offer them your other side. At first I thought it sounds foolish being in that level of kindness implies that you’re vulnerable and prone to being abused, like why would someone do that? To intimidate them? Mock them for acting so childish? Various philosophies has taught me that kindness as a sign of weakness but then I realized offering the other side of your cheek doesn’t means weakness, it actually the opposite of it. I think what it’s trying to point out is that having revenge gives you nothing and instead worsen it; that doing nothing about the provocation gives you nothing and does nothing to the one who did you harm, and it will seem like you don’t care which is definitely the opposite of the word love—indifference; and then we got this doing good for the one who did you harm. I think it’s when people saw the real meaning of kindness they start to change their understanding of their actions which eventually leads to the change of their personality. I was taught that a single toggle of someones understanding of its entirety leads to clear changes with its judgment and actions, and these verses are actually the wise way to do it. In short to understand and contemplate first about a much deeper consequence of your action is better than acting stupidly as you follow your feelings, never be so dragged to your emotions and instead try to be kind and see what it’ll do.