"God gives some people wealth, possessions and honor, so that they lack nothing their hearts desire, but God does not grant them the ability to enjoy them, and strangers enjoy them instead. This is meaningless, a grievous evil." - Ecclesiastes 6:2

After reading the whole verse several times, I think I not got the idea Solomon was trying to point here. The verse 2 is about us being blessed with prosperity yet depriving us of being satisfied from it. That when you're rich you won't appreciate or enjoy your wealth the same way with the poor. I think it's nature in us humans to get bored and dissatisfied with anything we encounter in life once we've known it completely. We always seek new things as it keeps us entertained and busy in life. It's just that after we learned and mastered something that we get tired of it. I think the real value of our goals in life is not the destination but the journey itself. Because once we've reached our goals or the destination, we learn that it's just that and that's it. Its done and there's nothing new to do with it, as we think that we already had tried all of the possible outcomes and that's it, it bores us out, although this is when art takes place of our works. I've read and watched some stories that could support this feelings like the series Vikings where one couldn't even be satisfied after it had reached its purpose. Plus the series Loki, where the female Loki seems a bit disappointed after reaching the dreams of her life. Well to be honest I don't understand why we can't be, that we have to be bored once we've been familiar on whatever we do on life. Perhaps it's just us saving ourselves from being stuck on it and in life, that's why we perhaps subconsciously convince ourselves to try other things just to gain another progress in life once more. 
What I learned from it is we have to embrace that fact that our heart just wanna explore new things that's why we suffer from not enjoying the prosperity we get in life. That also we must learn to look back and appreciate every blessings we get in life, else we won't really enjoy it.