"And I saw that all toil and all achievement spring from one person’s envy of another. This too is meaningless, a chasing after the wind." - Ecclesiastes 4:4

I just hovered over some bible verses that discusses about friendliness and found this bible verse. I'm not a fan of the old testament, as I sometimes get overwhelmed with the deep wise words, philosophies, and wisdom it contains making me feel dizzy over thinking it; but I gave it a try anyway. So here if my research is right, King Solomon wrote this book and it's about his quest for a search in purpose of life in which I too, these past months,  been trying to find as I think I've got lost in touch with every dream I've constructed last year. I've been coding for years but it feels like I'm already done on it yet I couldn't apply it on anywhere besides my miniprojects. It's just that I now understand the fandamental and basics of it and when I try to move forward I get overwhelmed over the real life implementation. I think perhaps I have to lesrn the other branch such as the OS, the Machine itself, as well explore the different database and networking etc. But it just feels empty and boring when you have no clear idea of what's your life supposed to be and that's why it had hit me hard when I learned from Solomon that it's unwise as well meaningless to be in toil over anything you could try to imagine, it's a chase after the wind he said. Well he hasn't said any solution there that's why it's now my quest to explore the philosophy of Ecclesiastes. But I felt empowered once more that's why I'm so thankful this night and to all those who had forced me, assigned me rather, to do this on a daily  basis.
Okay what I learned tonight here is that all those hardship we had done is nothing actually. If we follow along this we could extrapolate that Mercury is right with his "nothing really matters". Dunno but well I disagree that we spend our life in toil as we are jealous of others. For me I do hardwork because I want to see who I really am. I'm not doing it because I envy people or that I follow the ideal life proposed by this world, or because I do have to, but because it keeps me away from those unnecessary thoughts that I struggle to fight inside. But Solomon is right, who am I to even tell him whether he's rght or not, I'm absolutely nothing compared to him except that I'm still alive, and I still can do something. He's right because admit it or not but we all are doomed here in earth, we just go along the line of ups and downs of life but then eventually those lines will go straight forever. I guess life is a quest, something we will never have until we reach it. It's all meaningless, gotta have that as my mantra. 

"There's More To Life Than That, That too is Meaningless!"