"For with much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge, the more grief." - Ecclesiastes 1:18

I love this book! I've fallen in here right after I've visited this from my last devotion. Solomon sounds a bit nihilistic and egoistic at the same time here, I'm not entirely sure what he's trying to point out in this book and glad I hadn't got spoiled yet.
Right now he's proposing that everything is meaningless, a chase at the wind. I do understand him and his struggles with existential attacks. I'm an avid fan of these topics, actually, as I've explored different philosophies as a hobby. Perhaps because I've suffered and still suffering from lack of identity, and existential. It's just that I feel alone like no one could understand me but whenever I'm into philosophy, everything somehow gets settled and gives me peace for a time. I love questioning life and its purpose, yepp no wonder why I fell in love with movies and books too; as it teleports me to another life.
Okay here he just showed that we're trapped in a perpetual motion of the Earth, or perhaps the universe itself. And we're here, alive but with no definite reason of what's the deal with life. Some of us get catched up with the flow of preferred lifecycle: study, work, family, responsibilities, being taken care of, and then die. Some perhaps die early or experienced and learned a lot; but to think at the extent of it, Solomon's right. Life is meaningless. It's just a cage where we people do try to encourage ourselves to stay alive by being fed by those chemicals in our head that drives us to survive and enjoy living in this unending labyrinth of opportunities with life. What I do love here in this chapter is he attacked himself too, he's aware that even he is part of what he's trying to point out here. That wisdom as well do give us nothing but a journey to a dead end but mostly with no end. 
The reason why I chose this verse by the way is because I think I've felt him in these last verse of the chapter. Many philosophers had told me, on the books they've written of course, not personally, and as well in social media; that acquiring wisdom gives you nothing but a sorrow in heart, a distaste with life, and an indifference to everything. To find the point of life is to find out that it is indeed pointless.